Rewrite header param BBEs (#3763)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/http-header-param/http_header_param.md

# REST service - Header parameter

The `http` resource method allows you to access the inbound request header value as a resource argument. The header value can be either accessed as a single value or, an array of values.

> The value of a given header can be accessed as a resource method argument with the `@http:Header` annotation. The header name is resolved by the variable name unless the header name is specified in the `name` field of the annotation. The header parameter can be optional and support the basic types such as `string`, `int`, `float`, `decimal`, and `boolean`, and the `array` types of these basic types. Unless the type is optional, the request will be responded with a 400 Bad Request in the absence of the mentioned header.

Author: ```suggestion
The value of a given header can be accessed as a resource method argument with the `@http:Header` annotation. The header name is resolved by the variable name unless the header name is specified in the `name` field of the annotation. The header parameter can be optional and support the basic types such as `string`, `int`, `float`, `decimal`, and `boolean`, and the `array` types of these basic types. Unless the type is optional, a `400 Bad Request` response will be sent to the client in the absence of the mentioned header.
```

Use this annotated argument in the resource method to obtain the header value/values of a given header. 
Furthermore, the values of a set of headers can be retrieved using a `record` type annotated with `@http:Header`. Here, the header names are resolved by the record field names. In addition, more header manipulations can be done via the `http:Headers` header object, which can also be accessed as a resource method argument without using the annotation.

> 

Reviewer: The `@http:header` annotation allows reading header values from the request. The annotation can be used to annotate a given resource parameter. The name of the parameter must match the name of the header. If there is a mismatch the header name must be given in the annotation configuration. The resource parameter can be a simple type or array type. I.e. `string version`, `string[] versions`. If there are many headers to read, a record type can be used as the parameter. Unless the parameter is optional (i.e. string version = “v1”), a `400 Bad Request` response is sent to the client in the absence of the mapping header.

Reviewer: Lets try to make the descriptions as concise as possible.

Reviewer: Let's not mention about http:Headers as it is not friendly with openapi generation.

Author: Fixed via [519200e](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution/pull/3763/commits/519200e50bec0a96466340292b820dc4e4810c48)
